the procedure of the written
You can apply multiplication by two
multiply numbers
I show that other task 54 times 362
the numbers of the task become
neatly in the individual boxes
divorced
a dash under it during the task
of the inter resultat
we start with one of the first
factor the four we multiply with
the 24 times two are 8
the result is noted
next is the lot with the 16er
multiplied 24 are now writing one
the unit of the result him so the
four and keep the 2 in mind or if
This may also be necessary with the fingers
to be stretched or recorded
the same process is performed with the
in the hundreds digit
four times three are 12 to come
two makes four toes write 4
and if no further bill takes place
can also be noted the same 1
Now we come to 10 of the first factor
to take that into account , we move forward
here a place to the left and let
the one place five times two gives c
I write a 0 claimed that once
in the head as I said in the 456 are 30plus
the 131 writes it up once and
keep the three in your head five times three
are 15 + 3 gives 18
this agent did the same
be completely written down
Further we will use the method in the
written tradition and count
the two intermediate results together with
80 plus 4 1 plus 4 58 percent on this
wisely we get the result of
task 54 times 362